# DebugME-ERC721-Polygon-Hackathon-22
The repo for the smart contract used in the Polygon '22 Hackathon for Africa

Did you know that you can now debug and earn in crypto? The Debugme project is a social media created by developers for developers. As the name implies, Debugme offers an easy way to collaborate with other developers in a niche and achieve more together. One of the major functionalities of the Debugme platform is the ability to get other developers on the network to debug and program with you via the live share Microsoft visual studio code extension. This is made even more easy via the browser vscode interface hence you can easily debug a bug without leaving your browser or having vscode on your system. Debugme also leverages the power of web3, cryptocurrencies and NFTs to create an incentivized and revenue generating system for developers and the admin alike. Buggers (those with bugs), can create their bugs and send it to everyone’s feed. These bugs can be promoted via cryptocurrency and Developers that debug a particular can get a certain amount of crypto that is attached to a bug whenever the bug is resolved. The cryptocurrency for a particular bug is “held” in the bugs wallet until the bug is resolved after which a certain percentage of the crypto is sent to the “debugger’s” wallet while a certain percentage representing the fees is sent to the Debugme admins, thus serving as an escrow system to ensure fairness. We also provide a 24/7 support for resolving issues related to incentivized bugs Even if a bug is not promoted via crypto, every developer can still mint and NFT after s/he debugs a bug. These NFTs serve as proof of usefulness in the network and are use for rankings. The more NFTS you get, the higher your rank. Each bug is created with a tag which helps to show it only to relevant developers. For example, a bug with a “PHP backend English” tag will only be shown to developers who write php and speak English. In future versions of DEBUGME, these NFTs will be tradeable on the marketplace as they will be the only source of incentivization thus creating the necessary supply and demand. For now, create a account, create a bug, release the bug to the network, incentivize the bug and watch is get debugged by the veteran developers we have. Happy bugging!

Note: In the MVP, the crypto escrow system is not fully operational yet. However, The creator of a bug can decide to mint an NFT for the debugger from the “DEBOOG” NFT collection or not. In the full system, the escrow system would be set fully in place.
